Support rocketmq monitoring (#11758)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-rocketmq-monitoring.md

# RocketMQ monitoring

SkyWalking leverages rocketmq-exporter for collecting metrics data from RocketMQ. It leverages OpenTelemetry
Collector to transfer the metrics to
[OpenTelemetry receiver](opentelemetry-receiver.md) and into the [Meter System](./../../concepts-and-designs/meter.md).

## Data flow

> 1. The `rocketmq-exporter` collects metrics data from RocketMQ, The RocketMQ version is required to be 4.3.2+.

Reviewer: Could you add a link to the docs of rocketmq-exporter?

Author: > Could you add a link to the docs of rocketmq-exporter?

Done

> 1. The `rocketmq-exporter` (https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-exporter/tree/master) collects metrics data from RocketMQ, The RocketMQ version is required to be 4.3.2+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The `rocketmq-exporter` (https://github.com/apache/rocketmq-exporter?tab=readme-ov-file#readme) collects metrics data from RocketMQ, The RocketMQ version is required to be 4.3.2+.
```

This should be a better landing URL.
